
# Helm's Hold

Helm's hold is an elvish community that raises cattle and poultry to train the best archers for the city of Neverwinter. It's ruling family is the Finy family whose head of household is male elf named Elwel. 

In the early days of Helm's hold it was one of many towns that dotted the coast between Neverwinter and Waterdeep. When the spellplague occured causing its sister cities to sink and the undead to rise from the marsh, Elwel's ancestors built a wall to protect them from the ghouls that threatened their homes. With the need for archers to defend them they raised cattle, chickens, created lumbermills, and shooting ranges to train and arm what would become the greatest bowmen in Faerun to defend themselves against the hordes coming from the mere. Decades passed and the fame of Helm's Hold spread through bard's tales of a city constantly under attack from the undead yet continuously being sheilded by the greatest marksmen to ever grace the land. It became a thriving metropolis and the danger of the undead became a novelty to adventurers and thrill seekers.

When the war with the devils began, Elwel had been a friend of Fingolai and Lord Neverember. When poletics turned amyss he immediately sent word to Neverember before he was thrust from power. The news struck Elwel who immediately traveled to Neverwinter to consult with Arran. Upon investigation, Arran and Elwel found clues that would eventually suggest that devils had been released en masse to the material plane. Elwel immediately mandated that walls be built in the direction of Neverwinter to encapsulate the city from all sides. He also commanded that the guard should let no one pass the wall except the arrival was first proceeded with a carrier pigeon and the seal of the God of Winter on it. People at first thought him mad, but then when armies of devils arrived at the walls they trusted him to the ends of the earth. 

Despite being well protected, the people at Helm's deep are becoming wary of war. Devils are a much greater contestant than undead and Helm's deep seems to be constantly in peril of being overrun. There are not many deaths among the city folk but over the course of 10 years many families find themselves without fathers or mothers. 
